# Circuit Chasers

## DESCRIPTION
Circuit Chasers is a web application built using MERN stack of technologies. It takes the user to an environment where they can get the latest information about Formula 1 races, drivers, tracks and teams. They also have the option to create an account to discuss with other users on a built in Forum. We still offer a merchandise page where the user can browse for merchandise organized by categories, teams and drivers and uses Stripe payment method. Visit us!  
  
Created by Leopoldo Gurgel, Ayhaam Baksh and Dheeraj Thind.

## CONTRIBUTING
You are welcome to help if you have any ideas to improve our project! If you want to do so, just follow these steps:

1 - Fork the repository.  
2 - Create a new branch for you new feature or bug fix.  
3 - Make the changes you have in mind.  
4 - Commit your changes and push them to your fork.  
5 - Open a pull request detailing the changes you've made.

## LICENSE
MIT license  


Copyright (c) 2023 Leopoldo Gurgel Barroso Pimentel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


# CONTACT
* Github: [LeopoldoGurgel, jesk3r, AyhaamB](https://github.com/LeopoldoGurgel, jesk3r, AyhaamB)
* E-mail: leopoldogbp@gmail.com, DheerajThind@gmail.com, ayh132@gmail.com
* Linkedin https://www.linkedin.com/in/leopoldo-gurgel-24a404284/

This file was generated by Easy Readme Generator (https://github.com/LeopoldoGurgel/myeasyreadme)